hello everyone this is Anson from Anson
Alex calm I'm back again and in this
video I'm going to be showing you how
you can insert special characters on
your Mac OS 10.9 Mavericks computer it's
actually really easy I was looking for a
more difficult solution when I found
this one and what I found is that if you
press control/command spacebar
this character window pops up and you'll
notice that down here at the bottom
there's a bunch of different tabs where
we can go through different categories
of characters and there's a ton of
different characters available I was
looking for this infinity symbol right
here you can see that's there as well if
you click on the button up here at the
top right it opens to a bigger window
where we can actually see the categories
of the different symbols so you can see
there's some emojis there's all your
math symbols in these characters can be
inserted in pretty much any os10
application so if I just close out of
this window and let's say I go into my
text edit application here just
searching spotlight we're gonna create a
new document and I'm in my new document
now I can press control/command spacebar
and you'll notice that the character
window pops up and I can go ahead and
just double click on any character and
there it is a pops in my window I can
then keep typing I'm typing now let make
it insert an emoji at the end by going
into my character window finding the
emoji I want and double clicking so this
is a really really easy way to get to
all of the special characters that you
need you can use this in Safari you can
use it in Microsoft Word you can use it
in Pages really you can even use it on a
folder well if you take a look over here
at the right of my screen if I go to My
Documents folder and I go to rename it I
can press ctrl command spacebar and I
get the special characters that pop up I
can go ahead and choose a emoji I've
never tried an emoji we'll see if it
actually works I think of well you can
see there's an emoji in the name of my
folder so it's really really easy to use
it's a really cool feature I hope some
of you enjoy this if you do I would
really appreciate a thumbs up here on
YouTube and if you want to see more
technology tips and tutorials remember
to subscribe to my youtube channel
that's all I have for you for right now
this is Anson from Anson Alex calm